`Discussion`: Add discussion related features to Artemis user documentation (#4415)
ls1intum/Artemis: docs/user/discussion.rst

.. _discussion:

Discussion
==========

.. contents:: Content of this document
    :local:
    :depth: 2

Overview
--------

Artemis enables students, tutors, and instructors to actively participate in discussions.
Various discussion features allow students to engage with peers and ask all kinds of questions whereas moderators (e.g., instructors and tutors) can provide general course information and answer content-related questions.
Discussions can be started in different contexts, namely for lectures, exercises, or courses.

> Below, you find more information on specific features and how to use them.

Author: changed!

Enabling Discussions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Artemis courses will by default enable all the discussion features.
In case you do not want to provide users with these features, you can disable this feature on course creation by unchecking the respective checkbox (``Enable postings by students``) - it can also be edited afterwards.

Lecture Posts
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

*Posts, that are specifically related to a certain lecture.*

These posts have to be created on the detail page of the lecture they belong to.

Exemplary lecture detail page with posts:

|lecture-posts|

Exercise Posts
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

*Posts, that are specifically related to a certain exercise.*

These posts have to be created on the detail page of the exercise they belong to.

Exemplary exercise detail page with posts:

|exercise-posts|

Course-wide Posts & Course Discussion Overview
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Besides lecture or exercise related questions, Artemis offers a third type of posts: posts with course-wide topics, such as ``Organization`` or ``Tech Support``.

> These posts can only be created on the course discussion overview which is showed in the screenshot below.

Author: thanks

The ``Discussion`` space of an Artemis course serves as overview for *all* posts in a course.
Hence, course-wide posts as well as exercise posts and lecture posts are listed.

> Here, users can easily query, sort and filter existing posts.

Author: 👍

|course-posts|

Features for Users
------------------

This section captures the most important features that are offered to any Artemis user.

Search, Filter and Sort Posts
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

On the course discussion overview, a user can query *all* existing posts by different criteria.
This can be a text-based search, context filters (i.e., a certain lecture, exercise or course-wide topic), or other post characteristics such as if it is already resolved.
By using different sort configurations, users can find the information they are looking for at the top of the list: for example the post that got the most votes, or the post that was created most recently.

React on Posts
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> To foster interaction we integrate the well-known emoji reaction bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To encourage interaction we provide the well-known emoji reaction bar.
```

Each user in the course can react on every post by making use of the emoji selection button.
The ``+`` emoji serves as up-voting reaction, which influences the display order.

Reference Posts
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If users want to refer to other posts, they can integrate a simple pattern including the hashtag (``#``) combined with the post identifier.

> A post's identifier is appended to the post title (such as seen in the screenshot).

Author: changed!

When clicking a reference used in a post's text, the user is navigated to the referenced post.

Prevent Duplicated Posts
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

In order to prevent duplicated questions from being posted, we integrate a duplication check that runs during post creation.
We strongly recommend users that create a post, to check the automatically provided list of similar posts to find out if the question in mind has already been asked and resolved in the best case.

Mark Your Post As Resolved
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Marking a post as resolved will indicate to other users that the posted question is resolved and does not need any further input.
This can be done by clicking the checkmark next to the answer post.
Note, that only the author of the post as well as a moderator can perform this action.
This is helpful for moderators to identify open questions, e.g., by applying the according filter in the course overview.
It also highlights the correct answer for other students that have a similar problem and search for a suitable solution.

Tag Your Post
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

When creating a post, users can choose to add arbitrary tags.

> Tagging a post will further narrow down the post purpose or content in precise and descriptive buzzwords, that might follow a course-specific taxonomy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Tagging a post will further narrow down the post purpose or content in precise and descriptive keywords, that might follow a course-specific taxonomy.
```
‘Buzzword’ has the fairly negative connotation of being overused. I don’t think this meaning is intended here.

Author: changed, thanks!
